Princess Qin is pregnant
I'm going to report to my father
The father thinks of the fetus in his womb
If it's a boy
The eldest grandson of the royal family
And Chu Shoufu is still there
Can't get to him for the time being
But don't worry.
This king will not end here
I will definitely give you justice.
As long as I dare to bully you
The king wants his life
You want Chu Mingcui's life too?
Who is Chu Hongcui?
The king only knows
Princess Qi
Awake now
I'm not in love, I'm so angry
Love Anger
What does this mean?
I don't mean anything else.
Just complimenting you
Ha ha.
I got a baby
This kid didn't come easy
I want to celebrate
I'm having a feast tomorrow
banquet
Don't you have no life?
Yes!
So
The child is to be kept
You want to frame Princess Chu
Your Highness, you are drunk
Don't talk nonsense
I'm not drunk
You're not the Trill I used to know
I used to know you
mountain
Big River
No one can compare to you
Did something happen?
You tell me.
Why have you become like this?
Say something
Or are you just like this?
When drunk, take a good rest
Prepare well for tomorrow
Tweety. Tweety.